.nh
.TH "PGMCTL" "1" "May 2026" "pgman-proxy" "pgmctl Manual"

.SH NAME
pgmctl-watch - Live views of cluster state via Server-Sent Events


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpgmctl watch [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
Subscribe to the cluster control plane's /v1/watch/* SSE endpoints
and render a live view that updates as state changes.

.PP
Subcommands:
  status        Fixed-line cluster summary, redrawn on every change.
  transitions   Append-only state-transition log.
  events        Append-only history-event log (filterable).
  node      Append-only stream of one node's events.

.PP
Watch streams reconnect automatically with exponential backoff. A
gap_marker line indicates the stream may have missed events.

.PP
For machine-readable consumption use 'pgmctl events --since 0' instead
of redirecting watch output; -o json/yaml is rejected here.


.SH OPTIONS
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for watch


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
\fB--cluster\fP=""
	Expected cluster id; pinned before any cluster-affecting op

.PP
\fB--config\fP=""
	Path to pgmctl config (overrides $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/pgmctl/config.yaml)

.PP
\fB--context\fP=""
	Configured context name

.PP
\fB--endpoint\fP=""
	Single-shot pgman-proxy endpoint override

.PP
\fB--force\fP[=false]
	Skip cluster-name confirmation (requires --cluster )

.PP
\fB--insecure-skip-tls-verify\fP[=false]
	Disable TLS verification (warned)

.PP
\fB--insecure-skip-version-check\fP[=false]
	Proceed despite minor / major version skew

.PP
\fB--no-color\fP[=false]
	Suppress ANSI escapes unconditionally

.PP
\fB-o\fP, \fB--output\fP="table"
	Output format (table, json, yaml, wide)

.PP
\fB-q\fP, \fB--quiet\fP[=false]
	Suppress non-essential output

.PP
\fB--strict\fP[=false]
	Treat WARN as non-zero exit

.PP
\fB--timeout\fP=10s
	Overall command timeout

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--verbose\fP[=0]
	Increase verbosity (-v / -vv / -vvv)

.PP
\fB-y\fP, \fB--yes\fP[=false]
	Skip single-resource confirmation prompts


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBpgmctl(1)\fP, \fBpgmctl-watch-events(1)\fP, \fBpgmctl-watch-node(1)\fP, \fBpgmctl-watch-status(1)\fP, \fBpgmctl-watch-transitions(1)\fP
